Update 3-metadata-standards.md (#146)
elixir-europe-training/ELIXIR-TrP-FAIR-Converge: docs/units/findable-data/topics/3-metadata-standards.md

---
number: 2.3
title: Metadata standards for findability
status: ready_for_review
template: 'lesson-plan.html'
authors:
  - "0000-0003-1378-5495"
  - "0000-0002-9016-4820"
  - "0000-0001-6989-2252"

>   - "0000-0003-0771-3516"

Reviewer: Add contributor info to the contributors' table (https://github.com/elixir-europe-training/ELIXIR-TrP-FAIR-Converge/blob/main/_data/contributors.yaml) as part of this PR

--- 

## Overview

### Objective

> Participants will understand the significance of rich metadata in the context of life sciences datasets, learn how to describe and search for datasets using metadata standards, and recognize the role metadata standards plays in dataset discovery. The focus is on FAIR principle F2 which is primarily about discovery both from a generic as a domain-specific perspective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Participants will understand the significance of rich metadata in the context of life sciences datasets, learn how to describe and search for datasets using metadata standards, and recognise the role metadata standards play in dataset discovery. The focus is on FAIR principle F2, which is primarily about discovery from both a generic and a domain-specific perspective.
```
